>> Brian Holt: Let's go put into
our package.json how to build.
So we're gonna put build.
>> Brian Holt: Now notice,
I don't have webpack
installed globally right
now because I was running
it from the node modules.
Well, I can actually
just put webpack here and
when you do yarn build or MPN run build,
it's actually smart enough
to look first in its node modules
to see if it's there first, right?
So every time I wanna build,
I'm just gonna say yarn webpack and
it's gonna build for me, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
I just put build right there.
So now if I go back to my command line and
I say clear, yarn build, notice it
runs webpack.
>> Brian Holt: And
same thing happens.
>> Brian Holt: Now I wanna show
you something else that's
kind of a cool trick too.
Say I wanted to run it with a -p again.
I can say yarn build --, everything
after the -- is going to be provided
as a command line argument to
the command being run underneath, right?
So if I say -p,
notice it's gonna say webpack -p, right?
So if you just wanna try
something out real quick,
that's a easy cheap way to do it.
>> Brian Holt: And as was pointed out
earlier, what's annoying about what's
happening right now is that I have to run
build every single time I run a change of
file which is like a non-starter for me.
I'm way too lazy to have to do that.
So luckily webpack takes care of that for
you.
If I just provide --watch,
>> Brian Holt: That's gonna build once and
now notice that it doesn't exit,
it's still going.
If I come in here to clientapp.jsx and
I change this to be like,
instead of Silicon Valley I
put House of Cards.
And I save it.
Notice it rebuilt really fast because
it keeps everything in memory for you.
And now if I refresh here,
it says House of Cards.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: So again,
let's go put that into our package.json
cuz I think that's useful to have.
So what we're gonna do
here is we're gonna say,
watch and it's gonna be webpack --watch.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
now you can just say yarn watch,
and you're off to the races.
So the last thing I wanna
do that I wanna show you.
So if I say, yarn lint right now,
it's gonna lose its mind
about the bundle file, right?
Because it's gonna have literally
every ESLint problem there is.
We don't care, right?
It's compiled code, we don't care
if it passes lint or not, right?
We care that our source code passes lint.
So real quick,
I want you to go create a new file, and
I want you to call it .eslintignore.
I think is what it's called.
Yep.
>> Brian Holt: And
then inside of .eslintignore,
I want you to put public/ and
node_modules/ right?
Because if some node maintainer is
not passing your lint rules, then
you don't care about that either, right?
>> Speaker 2: Can you
go back to package.json?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
sure.
>> Brian Holt: Now right after this,
I'll push a brand so
you can have all the build,
config, and stuff like that.
>> Brian Holt: So
now, if I come back here,
and I say yarn lint,
we should be passing lint again.
>> Brian Holt: So
if you ever have errors with lint,
the best thing to do is just ignore them,
that's ultimately what
I'm getting at here.
That's a joke, don't do that,
[COUGH] but you can
definitely ignore your bundled files.
>> Brian Holt: And
the other thing I believe I should check,
I'm pretty sure prettier
also reads your .eslintignore so
that's also helpful as well.